Manasseh was 12 years old when he became
Manasseh was 12 years old when he became king and he reigned 55 years in
king and he reigned 55 years in
king and he reigned 55 years in Jerusalem his mother's name was
Jerusalem his mother's name was
Jerusalem his mother's name was Hephzibah and he did evil in the sight
Hephzibah and he did evil in the sight
Hephzibah and he did evil in the sight of the Lord according to the
of the Lord according to the
of the Lord according to the abominations of the nations whom the
abominations of the nations whom the
abominations of the nations whom the Lord had cast out before the children of
Lord had cast out before the children of
Lord had cast out before the children of Israel for he rebuilt the high places
Israel for he rebuilt the high places
Israel for he rebuilt the high places which Hezekiah his father had destroyed
which Hezekiah his father had destroyed
which Hezekiah his father had destroyed he raised up altars for bail and made a
he raised up altars for bail and made a
he raised up altars for bail and made a wooden image as a hab king of Israel had
wooden image as a hab king of Israel had
wooden image as a hab king of Israel had done and he worshiped all the hosts of
done and he worshiped all the hosts of
done and he worshiped all the hosts of heaven and served them he also built
heaven and served them he also built
heaven and served them he also built altars in the house of the Lord of which
altars in the house of the Lord of which
altars in the house of the Lord of which the Lord had said in Jerusalem I will
the Lord had said in Jerusalem I will
the Lord had said in Jerusalem I will put my name and he built altars for all
put my name and he built altars for all
put my name and he built altars for all the hosts of heaven in the two courts of
the hosts of heaven in the two courts of
the hosts of heaven in the two courts of the house of the Lord also he made his
the house of the Lord also he made his
the house of the Lord also he made his son passed through the fire practice
son passed through the fire practice
son passed through the fire practice soothsaying used witchcraft and
soothsaying used witchcraft and
soothsaying used witchcraft and consulted spiritists and mediums he did
consulted spiritists and mediums he did
consulted spiritists and mediums he did much evil in the sight of the Lord to
much evil in the sight of the Lord to
much evil in the sight of the Lord to provoke him to anger he even set a
provoke him to anger he even set a
provoke him to anger he even set a carved image of a Shira
carved image of a Shira
carved image of a Shira that he had made in the house of which
that he had made in the house of which
that he had made in the house of which the Lord had said to David and to
the Lord had said to David and to
the Lord had said to David and to Solomon his son in this house and in
Solomon his son in this house and in
Solomon his son in this house and in Jerusalem which I have chosen out of all
Jerusalem which I have chosen out of all
Jerusalem which I have chosen out of all the tribes of Israel I will put my name
the tribes of Israel I will put my name
the tribes of Israel I will put my name forever and I will not make the feet of
forever and I will not make the feet of
forever and I will not make the feet of Israel wander any more from the land
Israel wander any more from the land
Israel wander any more from the land which I gave their father's only if they
which I gave their father's only if they
which I gave their father's only if they are careful to do according to all that
are careful to do according to all that
are careful to do according to all that I have commanded them and according to
I have commanded them and according to
I have commanded them and according to all the law that my servant Moses
all the law that my servant Moses
all the law that my servant Moses commanded them but they paid no
commanded them but they paid no
commanded them but they paid no attention
attention
attention and Manasseh seduced them to do more
and Manasseh seduced them to do more
and Manasseh seduced them to do more evil than the nation's whom the Lord had
evil than the nation's whom the Lord had
evil than the nation's whom the Lord had destroyed before the children of Israel
destroyed before the children of Israel
destroyed before the children of Israel and the Lord spoke by his servants the
and the Lord spoke by his servants the
and the Lord spoke by his servants the prophets
prophets
prophets because Manasseh king of Judah has done
because Manasseh king of Judah has done
because Manasseh king of Judah has done these abominations he has acted more
these abominations he has acted more
these abominations he has acted more wickedly than all the amorite who were
wickedly than all the amorite who were
wickedly than all the amorite who were before him and has also made Judas in
before him and has also made Judas in
before him and has also made Judas in with his idols therefore thus says the
with his idols therefore thus says the
with his idols therefore thus says the Lord God of Israel behold I am bringing
Lord God of Israel behold I am bringing
Lord God of Israel behold I am bringing such calamity upon Jerusalem and Judah
such calamity upon Jerusalem and Judah
such calamity upon Jerusalem and Judah that whoever hears of it both his ears
that whoever hears of it both his ears
that whoever hears of it both his ears will tingle and I will stretch over
will tingle and I will stretch over
will tingle and I will stretch over Jerusalem the measuring line of Samaria
Jerusalem the measuring line of Samaria
Jerusalem the measuring line of Samaria and the plummet of the house of Ahab I
and the plummet of the house of Ahab I
and the plummet of the house of Ahab I will wipe Jerusalem as one wipes a dish
will wipe Jerusalem as one wipes a dish
will wipe Jerusalem as one wipes a dish wiping it and turning it upside down so
wiping it and turning it upside down so
wiping it and turning it upside down so I will forsake the remnant of my
I will forsake the remnant of my
I will forsake the remnant of my inheritance and deliver them into the
inheritance and deliver them into the
inheritance and deliver them into the hand of their enemies and they shall
hand of their enemies and they shall
hand of their enemies and they shall become victims of plunder to all their
become victims of plunder to all their
become victims of plunder to all their enemies because they have done evil in
enemies because they have done evil in
enemies because they have done evil in my sight and have provoked me to anger
my sight and have provoked me to anger
my sight and have provoked me to anger since the day their fathers came out of
since the day their fathers came out of
since the day their fathers came out of Egypt even to
Egypt even to
Egypt even to [Music]
[Music]
[Music] moreover Manasseh shed very much
moreover Manasseh shed very much
moreover Manasseh shed very much innocent blood till he had filled
innocent blood till he had filled
innocent blood till he had filled Jerusalem from one end to another
Jerusalem from one end to another
Jerusalem from one end to another besides his sin which he had made
besides his sin which he had made
besides his sin which he had made Judas sin in doing evil in the sight of
Judas sin in doing evil in the sight of
Judas sin in doing evil in the sight of the Lord are the rest of the acts of
the Lord are the rest of the acts of
the Lord are the rest of the acts of Manasseh all that he did and the sin
Manasseh all that he did and the sin
Manasseh all that he did and the sin that he committed are they not written
that he committed are they not written
that he committed are they not written in the book of the chronicles of the
in the book of the chronicles of the
in the book of the chronicles of the kings of Judah
kings of Judah
kings of Judah so Manasseh rested with his father's and
so Manasseh rested with his father's and
so Manasseh rested with his father's and was buried in the garden of his own
was buried in the garden of his own
was buried in the garden of his own house in the garden of oz' then his son
house in the garden of oz' then his son
house in the garden of oz' then his son Ammon reigned in his place Ammon was 22
Ammon reigned in his place Ammon was 22
Ammon reigned in his place Ammon was 22 years old when he became King and he
years old when he became King and he
years old when he became King and he reigned two years in Jerusalem his
reigned two years in Jerusalem his
reigned two years in Jerusalem his mother's name was Michelle amath the
mother's name was Michelle amath the
mother's name was Michelle amath the daughter of Harris of Jodhpur and he did
daughter of Harris of Jodhpur and he did
daughter of Harris of Jodhpur and he did evil in the sight of the Lord as his
evil in the sight of the Lord as his
evil in the sight of the Lord as his father Manasseh had done so he walked in
father Manasseh had done so he walked in
father Manasseh had done so he walked in all the ways that his father had walked
all the ways that his father had walked
all the ways that his father had walked and he served the idols that his father
and he served the idols that his father
and he served the idols that his father had served and worshipped them he
had served and worshipped them he
had served and worshipped them he forsook the Lord God of his father's and
forsook the Lord God of his father's and
forsook the Lord God of his father's and did not walk in the way of the Lord
then the servants of Ammon conspired
then the servants of Ammon conspired against him and killed the king in his
against him and killed the king in his
against him and killed the king in his own house but the people of the land
own house but the people of the land
own house but the people of the land executed all those who had conspired
executed all those who had conspired
executed all those who had conspired against King family then the people of
against King family then the people of
against King family then the people of the land made his son Josiah King in his
the land made his son Josiah King in his
the land made his son Josiah King in his place now the rest of the acts of Ammon
place now the rest of the acts of Ammon
place now the rest of the acts of Ammon which he did are they not written in the
which he did are they not written in the
which he did are they not written in the book of The Chronicles of the kings of
book of The Chronicles of the kings of
book of The Chronicles of the kings of Judah and he was buried in his tomb in
Judah and he was buried in his tomb in
Judah and he was buried in his tomb in the garden of other men
the garden of other men
the garden of other men Josiah his son reigned in his place